the greatest team ever the 86 celtics
perfection that's a difficult definition
40 and ones pretty much perfect 10 and
oh at home and the playoffs is pretty
much perfect three MVPs in a row really
good who's going to stop bird McHale
parish no.1 McHale 20-foot jumpers
Garon's and that's guaranteed that's
what that means right there Bill Walton
off the bench Danny Ainge 38% from
beyond the arc
that's called you're welcome the chief
he's sweet he's the chief that's his
name hi at the chief through to take all
those players and put them in a blender
of greatness and get strawberry
milkshake because they're sweet Larry
Bird as you can see I'm a little bit of
a fan look my frigging house look at my
cheetah lovely shorts stop looking at my
shorts it's weird look back at Bird beat
Magic Bird beat Isiah Thomas Bird beat
Jordan those names are good names
they're great basketball players Burt
beat them banner right there my finger
is pointing towards a direction I can't
tell if it's exactly where it is but
it's there and their mascots a
leprechaun uh excuse me
who doesn't like leprechauns top two to
GTA like gold
everyone likes gold and gold is what you
get for first place in the 85-86 team
gold
you
rated E for Everyone